# CS 217B Course Project - Tuning SVS Suppression Timer

For this project, I implemented two self-adjusting suppression timer designs for the NDN State Vector Sync protocol, referred to as Timer 1 and Timer 2.

My modified implementation of SVS can be found in `./work/ndn-svs/ndn-svs`. Specifically, in this directory, the `core.hpp`, `core.cpp`, and `tlv.hpp` files were modified, to enable setting the suppression timer setting as per the given input, in accordance with my self-adjusting designs.

The wrapper application that I used for fitting NDN-SVS into Mini-NDN was `./work/ndn-svs/examples/core.cpp`, which simply makes each node publish a new state every few seconds, and it has these nodes exchange Sync interests and record these exchanges. My wrapper application is a modification of a previously implemented example by the same name in the NDN-SVS implementation. 

The Python script that I used for my experiments was `./examples/testing.py`, which varies all kinds of parameters, including publication rates, packet drop rates, network link delays, etc., and feeds them as input into the above-mentioned protocols.

I have also included in this repository the log files that were generated by my experiments, in `./work/log/`. There were 6 different kinds of experiments, with different parameter sets being varied, hence 6 subdirectories.

I have included a Python script `./topologies/geant_manipulate.py`, which I used for randomly deleting edges from the GEANT topology, while maintaining network connectivity, in order to generate network topologies of lower average node degree for my experiments.

I have included an IPython notebook `./work/eval.ipynb`, which contains my code for analyzing the log-files generated by my experiments. This includes measuring latencies, counting Sync interests, and plotting various graphs for performance evaluation.
